branch (#13999)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/branch-manage.md

---
title: Manage TiDB Serverless Branch
summary: Learn How to manage the TiDB Serverless branch.
---

> # Manage TiDB Serverless Branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Manage TiDB Serverless Branches
```

> This document describes how to manage the TiDB Serverless branch on the console. You can also manage it by [TiDB Cloud CLI](/tidb-cloud/cli-reference.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to manage the TiDB Serverless branches using the TiDB Cloud console (https://tidbcloud.com). You can also manage it using the [TiDB Cloud CLI](/tidb-cloud/cli-reference.md).
```

> ## List branches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## View branches
```

> To list branches for your cluster, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view branches for your cluster, perform the following steps:
```

1. Navigate to the [cluster](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page.

> 2. Click your cluster name, then click **Branch** in the left navigation pane.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project.
2. Click your cluster name. The cluster overview page is displayed.
3. Click **Branches** in the left navigation pane.
```

## Create a branch

To create a branch, perform the following steps:

> 1. Navigate to the branch list page of your cluster.
> 2. Click the **Create Branch** button.
> 3. Enter the branch name and then click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Branches** page of your cluster.
2. Click **Create Branch** in the upper-right corner.
3. Enter the branch name, and then click **Create**.

Depending on the data size in your cluster, the branch creation will be completed in a few minutes.
```

## Delete a branch

To delete a branch, perform the following steps:

> 1. Navigate to the branch list page of your cluster.
> 2. In the row of your target branch to be deleted, click **...**
> 3. Click **Delete** in the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the *Branches** page of your cluster.
2. In the row of your target branch to be deleted, click **...** in the **Action** column.
3. Click **Delete** in the drop-down list.
```

## Get branch connection information

> To get branch connection information, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the connection information of a branch, perform the following steps:
```

> 1. Navigate to the branch list page of your cluster.
> 2. In the row of your target branch to be deleted, click **...**
> 3. Click the **Connect** in the drop-down menu.
> 4. Click the **Create password** or **Reset password** to create or reset the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the *Branches** page of your cluster.
2. In the row of your target branch to be deleted, click **...** in the **Action** column.
3. Click **Connect** in the drop-down list. The dialog for the connection information is displayed.
4. Click the **Create password** or **Reset password** to create or reset the password.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Branch does not support private link now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, branches do not support [private endpoints](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections-serverless.md).
```

---
title: Manage TiDB Serverless Branches
summary: Learn How to manage TiDB Serverless branches.
---

# Manage TiDB Serverless Branches

> This document describes how to manage TiDB Serverless branches using the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com). To manage it using the TiDB Cloud CLI, see [`ticloud branch`](/tidb-cloud/cli-reference.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to manage TiDB Serverless branches using the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com). To manage it using the TiDB Cloud CLI, see [`ticloud branch`](/tidb-cloud/ticloud-branch-create.md).
```

## Create a branch

> **Note:**
>

> > You can only create branches for TiDB Serverless clusters that are created after July 5, 2023. See [limitations-and-quotas](/tidb-cloud/branch-overview.md#limitations-and-quotas) for more limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can only create branches for TiDB Serverless clusters that are created after July 5, 2023. See [Limitations and quotas](/tidb-cloud/branch-overview.md#limitations-and-quotas) for more limitations.
```

2. Click **Branches** in the left navigation pane.

    The branch list of the cluster is displayed in the right pane.

## Delete a branch

To delete a branch, perform the following steps:

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target TiDB Serverless cluster to go to its overview page.
2. Click **Branches** in the left navigation pane.
3. In the row of your target branch to be deleted, click **...** in the **Action** column.
4. Click **Delete** in the drop-down list.
5. Confirm the deletion.

## Get branch connection information

To get the connection information of a branch, perform the following steps:

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target TiDB Serverless cluster to go to its overview page.
2. Click **Branches** in the left navigation pane.

> 3. In the row of your target branch to be deleted, click **...** in the **Action** column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the row of your target branch to be connected, click **...** in the **Action** column.
```

> ## Delete a branch
> 
> To delete a branch, perform the following steps:
> 
> 1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target TiDB Serverless cluster to go to its overview page.
> 2. Click **Branches** in the left navigation pane.
> 3. In the row of your target branch to be deleted, click **...** in the **Action** column.
> 4. Click **Delete** in the drop-down list.
> 5. Confirm the deletion.
> 
> ## Get branch connection information
> 
> To get the connection information of a branch, perform the following steps:
> 
> 1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target TiDB Serverless cluster to go to its overview page.
> 2. Click **Branches** in the left navigation pane.
> 3. In the row of your target branch to be connected, click **...** in the **Action** column.
> 4. Click **Connect** in the drop-down list. The dialog for the connection information is displayed.
> 5. Click **Create password** or **Reset password** to create or reset the root password.
> 
> > **Note:**
> >
> > Currently, branches do not support [private endpoints](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections-serverless.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Connect to a branch

To get the connection information of a branch, perform the following steps:

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target TiDB Serverless cluster to go to its overview page.
2. Click **Branches** in the left navigation pane.
3. In the row of your target branch to be connected, click **...** in the **Action** column.
4. Click **Connect** in the drop-down list. The dialog for the connection information is displayed.
5. Click **Create password** or **Reset password** to create or reset the root password.

> **Note:**
>
> Currently, you cannot connect to branches via [private endpoints](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections-serverless.md).

## Delete a branch

To delete a branch, perform the following steps:

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target TiDB Serverless cluster to go to its overview page.
2. Click **Branches** in the left navigation pane.
3. In the row of your target branch to be deleted, click **...** in the **Action** column.
4. Click **Delete** in the drop-down list.
5. Confirm the deletion.
```

- Move the "Delete a branch" section to the end
- Update the title from "Get branch connection information" to "Connect to a branch"
